Add possibility to easier override HP and breath engine logic by Lua (#14179)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.md

    show_on_minimap = false,
    -- Defaults to true for players, false for other entities.
    -- If set to true the entity will show as a marker on the minimap.

    engine_mask = 7,
    -- This can be used for enable/disable some part of engine.
    -- 0x01 - Drowning (Only avaliable for players)
    -- 0x02 - Breathing (Only avaliable for players)

>     -- 0x04 - Node damage

Reviewer: Bitmasks seem like a foreign thing in a simple language like Lua. I think we don't have a bitmask anywhere else in our Lua API.

Reviewer 2: We have bitsets in a couple places, the `style` property of HUD `text` elements for example ("Bitfield with 1 = bold, 2 = italic, 4 = monospace"), but I agree that this should ideally be hidden from the modder: A Lua-friendly API should simply provide boolean fields unless there is a very strong reason not to (like performance when considering `param2` in nodes for example), which I don't see here - object properties could still use a bitset under the hood. That said

> Maybe it would be better to keep this PR simple and uncontroversial by just including the "allow disabling hardcoded engine features" change.

Yes, I would prefer this. I think it's the best idea to leave the (re)implementation of these features for entities up to modders.

    show_on_minimap = false,
    -- Defaults to true for players, false for other entities.
    -- If set to true the entity will show as a marker on the minimap.

>     engine_mask = {
>     -- This can be used for enable/disable some part of engine.
>       drowning = true,
>       -- Drowning (Only avaliable for players)
>       breathing = true,
>       -- Breathing (Only avaliable for players)
>       node_hurt = true,
>       -- Node damage (Only avaliable for players)
>     },

Reviewer: just spelling and stuff

```suggestion
    engine_mask = {
    -- This can be used to enable/disable some parts of the engine.
      drowning = true,
      -- Drowning (only available for players)
      breathing = true,
      -- Breathing (only available for players)
      node_hurt = true,
      -- Node damage (only available for players)
    },
```
